Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Ah!
It's been a while!
I'm the balloon NoriP!
If NoriP-san appeared, that means that...
It's about the game Genjuu Keiyaku, Cryptract, right?
You know him now, right?
It's not the first time he appeared!
The reactions I got were incredible...
Really?
They said I turned into a balloon..
Yaaaaaay!
Let's start from below
*laughs*
For today, since I thought it'd be sad that you're always alone...
Ai: Yes, it's very sad..
NoriP: I brought a friend with me
Oh! How nice!
Maybe it's a woman?
NoriP: Let's introduce her at once!
Ai: Oh! Oh!
Who is it? Who is it? Who is it?
Good.. Go ahead!
Good day!
What is this...?
Ai: She's adorable!
It's a pleasure to meet you!
I always see you, Ai-chan!
My name is Mamiruton and I'm of the company AppBank!
It's a pleasure to meet you
It's Mamiruton-san!
Oooh!
It's a pleasure to meet you!
Eh? You're adorable!
Even though my head is a bit heavy...
*laughs*
My name is Kizuna Ai..
It's a pleasure to meet you!
We do a make a rather strange combination the three of us together, right?
It's surreal..
It's surreal, right?
It's heavy!
We gathered people from different worlds, right?
It's a pleasure to meet you
NoriP: It's a pleasure
Ai: It's a pleasure
Mamiruton: Excuse me..
How has it been going with Cryptract? Have you been playing?
I've been playing a lot!
Lately, you haven't been challenging those in which you lose... right?
No!
Well... I've been...
work..
...ing... hard...
Ai: But I lose, right?
NoriP: Really?
Mamiruton-san is incredibly strong
No, I wouldn't say...!
*laughs*
Mamiruton: Really, I wouldn't say something like that...
Ai: I'm in trouble
But in Mamiruton-chan's case...
Well...
You've been playing for around a year, right?
It's true
You've been playing a lot...
No, you make it sound like it's a difficult obstacle..
You make it sound like it's a difficult obstacle..
My master!
I'm not your master!
*laughs*
I see..
So then, I'm in trouble?
NoriP: No, you're not in trouble, but...
Ai: Ah! Good!
It's just compared to Mamiruton-chan..
NoriP: You still have a lot to improve..
Ai: It's true
No, of course, yes, ah...
Please make me your disciple!
Not so much! Not so much!
I'll work hard!
NoriP: You'll work hard?
Ai: Yes
In this case, for today, you'll be practicing with Mamiruton-chan...
NoriP: Will you fight some battles with her?
Ai: Oh!
I'll do it!
You'll do it? Okay, let's do it then!
Mamiruton: It's a pleasure!
Ai: It's a pleasure!
Eh? But it's possible I might win...
It would be very painful if I beat my master..
*laughs*
I'm not a big deal, really...
Ai: No, no, no!
Ai: Wait a sec!
NoriP: Eh? She behaves like an adult woman
Ai: No, no, no!
NoriP: Definitely...
Mamiruton: It's not like that!
NoriP: So Ai-chan is the evil one then...
Mamiruton: No, it's not like that!
*laughs*
It's not like that, it's not like that!
No, no, naturally I'm defective so then, well...
I'll lose..
Ai: I'll lose
Mamiruton: Wait...
What do you think? Did I look like a good girl?
*laughs*
Marvelous
NoriP: You gave a good impression
Ai: Good!
*laughs*
Well, you just started so then...
Yes, yes
I think you still have a long way to go..
For now, I've only been trying my luck with the summons...
I've been obtaining a lot of characters that I like
How envious
*laughs*
Ai: Will we receive free characters?
Mamiruton: Will we receive free characters?
NoriP: There doesn't exists gifts in the game
Mamiruton: It doesn't exist
Ai: It is not planned to be implemented
Ai: I see
Good, Ai-chan.. Shall we start?
Yes!
I'll explain what we'll do...
What will we do?
The competition consists of two parts
The first will be a drawing competition with the Tilt Brush program..
And the second one will be a character summoning competition..
A Summon competition!
Finally!
Good, it'll be a piece of cake
Good, I have experience with Tilt Brush...
So then naturally, I'll be victorious
I can do it!
Are you good with the program?
Good.. well...
It's a piece of cake..
You didn't see my video of Mount Fuji, the hawk and the eggplant?
...
Ah, you didn't see it!
*laughs*
You didn't see it!
Here is the video, everyone look!
NoriP: We saw it, right?
Mamiruton: We saw it
Mamiruton: It was fun!
NoriP: It was fun
Ai: Stop lying
*laughs*
Ai: There are adults like that, right?
Mamiruton: I love your "Snack Ai" section
I love you, Mamiruton-san
Ai: NoriP-san, we'll talk later
Mamiruton: I like your Kansai dialect
*laughs*
Of course...
What do I get if I win?
If you win, then...
You'll get something good
Oh! Free summoning stones for 500 years?
*laughs*
That's too much!
I can't give you something like that, but...
It'll be something delicious
Ai: Something delicious?
NoriP: I'll give you something delicious
But I can't eat..
Well, let's try installing the data
I see, I see..
NoriP: In the case that you lose...
Ai: Yes
You'll have to do a punishment
Ai: Ah!.. Eh?!
Mamiruton: Oh man!
*laughs*
Why do you laugh like that?! You're scaring me!
At the end of the video, you'll reveal the punishment?
That's right
Mamiruton: At the end of the video..
Watch until the end
I see, I'll try!
I'll try!
Good, in this case, let's start at once!
Bye bye~
Aahh...
Good, the winner of the Tilt Brush competition will be...
Who draws "Bulb" the best, the monster mascot of Cryptract
Good, now I'll say the rules of the game
Yes
You have 5 minutes to draw
Are you ready?
Yes!
First I should choose...
Eh, really I'm not that good at drawing, so then...
I'll try hard!
Also it's in 3D!
Have you drawn in 3D?
I've never done that!
Here I go
Good, ready!
Start!
I can draw it without much detail, right?
Yes, you can draw however you like
Good
Ah, wait... now...
I don't like the shape!
Eh, this?
Ai: It looks like a meatloaf, right?
*laughs*
I'll do it over
Ai: Good! Keep going!
Is it like this?
Ah, if I do it like this..
The thickness of the pencil...
Ah, I made it too big..
NoriP: What do you think of this, Ai-chan?
Ai: Well...
Ai: I think this is very particular...
Ai: Or that's what I think
*laughs*
Ai: Well, you know, definitely...
Ai: Being it not an ordinary drawing...
Ai: since it's in 3D..
Mamiruton: Ah, I see!
Ai: So then the drawing has depth, so then..
Mamiruton: It's true
Ai: It'll take a long time drawing it completely...
Ai: But definitely it'd be great that not only it can be seen from the front...
Ai: But I'd like to be able to draw it so that it is seen beautifully at any angle
Mamiruton: I see..
NoriP: You definitely have experience
Ai: That's right
Mamiruton: That's right
I see, you're...
Ai: Please call me Tilt Brush teacher
*laughs*
Ai: Ah, but it's adorable, right?
Mamiruton: It's true, do you like it?
Ai: It doesn't look like the first time you use it
NoriP: It's true
Mamiruton: Really?
Ai: Yes
Ai: It's adorable
Mamiruton: Oh man!
NoriP: I wonder if you've not been practicing yesterday
Ai: It's true!
Ai: Eh? Actually..?
NoriP: Eh?
Ai: Have you been practicing?!
Mamiruton: No, it's my first time, my first time, my first time..
Mamiruton: I'm almost done with the drawing, I still have time, right?
Ai: Now in this moment, well...
Mamiruton: I see, but it's in 3D
Ai: This is what's happening..
Mamiruton: I see, in this case, I'll do this...
Ai: That's right, that's the hardest part
Mamiruton: Make it like a sphere ... I see...
Mamiruton: Ah, actually it looks like a flower if you look at it sideways!
Ai: That's right, this is very hard
Mamiruton: But bit by bit, it's looking worse than before...
*laughs*
Mamiruton: It's not good
NoriP: Now I rememeber
Ai: Ah, but from this angle, it's adorable
Mamiruton: From this angle.. from this angle, it's adorable
Ai: It's adorable!
NoriP: Time's almost up...
Mamiruton: Ah, it can't be, it can't be...
Ai: I now have victory in my hands!
Mamiruton: It can't be!
Mamiruton: Editing this part is very hard..
NoriP: 3 minutes are left to go
Mamiruton: It's hard! It's very hard!
NoriP: 2 minutes and 30 seconds
Ai: This is very difficult
NoriP: You still have time, right?
Mamiruton: I still have time
Ai: Even though I already won, right?
*laughs*
NoriP: It's a victory in advance!
Mamiruton: Definitely for someone living in a 3D world...
Mamiruton: I think it's a fairly adequate challenge...
Mamiruton: I think this is a pretty big obstacle for me..
Ai: Ah, but it's very adorable
Mamiruton: Really? Although the color...
Mamiruton: I think I messed up with the color!
Mamiruton: But if we see it from this angle...
Ai: Yes, from this angle, it's adorable!
Good job
NoriP: A minute and a half is left
Mamiruton: Ah! But I already finished..
NoriP: Oh!
Ai: Oh!
Mamiruton: That's all
Ai: Oooooh!
NoriP: In this case...
Mamiruton: If I continue drawing, I'll make it worse...
NoriP: Would you rather finish it now even when there is a bit of time left?
Mamiruton: Yes!
Mamiruton: I'll leave it finished
*Camera shutter sound*
NoriP: Good, next up Ai-chan...
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: Are you excited?
Ai: I'll win
*laughs*
NoriP: Good, you have 5 minutes to draw
Ai: Good, here I go!
NoriP: Ready...
NoriP: Start!
*Ding*
Ai: Good, first I'll use the mirror function...
Ai: Something like that
NoriP: What's the mirror function?
Ai: Like this
NoriP: It looks like you're used to it, right?
Ai: That's right
Ai: I'm drawing the 3D model
Ai: Like this...
Mamiruton: Eh?
NoriP: That's the mirror function?
Ai: And now I'll paint!
Ai: I wonder if I can do it
Ai: I haven't done it in a long time..
*laughs*
Ai: How did I change the thickness?
NoriP: You didn't do it Mamilton-san, that of painting
Mamiruton: Ah, incredible!
Mamiruton: Ah, that's incredible!
Ai: Yes!
Mamiruton: That way it will look like a bulb wherever you look
Ai: That's right
Mamiruton: Eh? It's incredible!
Ai: Satisfied look!
Ai: Eh? I didn't do well since I haven't done it in a long time..
Ai: Ah, this doesn't look good..
Ai: It doesn't look good..
*laughs*
Ai: What is this?
Ai: I'll start over..
Ai: I need to undo one by one...?
Ai: I DON'T HAVE TIME TO BE DOING THIS!
*laughs*
NoriP: Eh? What did you try to show us with that drawing?
Ai: Well, I wanted to show you the mirror functionality..
NoriP: You wanted to show us that function?
Ai: Yes
Ai: It's very difficult, isn't it Mamiruton-san?
Mamiruton: It's difficult, right?
Ai: That's right
Mamiruton: I think it would be better if we surrendered and instead of drawing in 3D, we draw in 2D..
Ai: And this way...
Mamiruton: Ah, incredible but...!
NoriP: Oh!
Mamiruton: It's looking like a bulb..
Ai: Good, good
Mamiruton: Eh? Incredible!
Ai: What is this supposed to be? Trash?
Ai: I made trash again..
Ai: I'm in trouble, I'll lose... and now?
Ai: But you know...
Ai: Well... starting from now...
Ai: From now...
Ai: This!
Ai: Fire!
Mamiruton: Eh?
Mamiruton: Fire?
NoriP: What is...? What is...?
NoriP: Oh!
Mamiruton: Eh? Eh?
Ai: This way.. this way...
Mamiruton: What is that?
Mamiruton: Eh? Incredible..
Ai: I'm drawing those that bulbs have...
Mamiruton: Ah, it's the fire they throw!
Ai: This...
Ai: That's right!
Ai: What do you think?
Mamiruton: It's incredible!
Ai: I won now, right?
Mamiruton: I didn't know that function existed
Ai: And now I'll draw the eyes...
Ai: Chun, chun..
Ai: I'll draw the eyes...
Mamiruton: Ah, it's adorable
Ai: Oh!
Ai: And now...
Ai: Quickly!
Mamiruton: There's still 2 minutes left
Ai: Oh, no!
Ai: I'm in trouble!
Ai: Maybe did it absorb the color?
Ai: It didn't absorb it!
Ai: Let's go, let's go!
Mamiruton: It can absorb color?
Mamiruton: Ah, to fill in the rest
Mamiruton: Eeeh?
Ai: That's right
Mamiruton: I see..
Ai: Oh, no!
*inhales*
Ai: Save me!
Mamiruton: It's a new species of bulb..
*laughs*
Ai: Please make one look like this!
Ai: Make it appear!
Ai: A little bit more...
NoriP: A new species of Bulb
*laughs*
Ai: It's special!
Ai: If you eat one of these, you raise up to your max level
*laughs*
Mamiruton: I'd like to have one..
NoriP: There's only a minute left
Mamiruton: Ah, but she's painting it
Ai: I messed up the color!
Mamiruton: It looks incredible
Ai: I messed up the color..
Ai: Whatever...
Ai: I guess that's fine
NoriP: Let's see the back, please
Ai: Yes!
Ai: The back part..
NoriP: Oh, but...! But...!
Mamiruton: Oh, incredible!
Mamiruton: It looks great from whichever angle...
NoriP: It's done in 3D, right?
Ai: Thank you very much
Ai: Good, I finished!
Ai: GHAN GHAN GHAN!
NoriP: Well, then we will competing for 10 character summons!
Ai: Yaaaay! I'll win, I'll win!
Mamiruton: Summoning! I love the summons!
Ai: You like it cause you have good luck, right?
Ai: You have good luck, right?
NoriP: In this competition, both will do summonings of 10 characters...
NoriP: And who obtains the best characters is the winner
Mamiruton: Good
Ai: I see
NoriP: Do you have confidence in yourself?
Ai: For nothing...
*laughs*
Ai: Ah, you knew?
Ai: I can never get a shiny character..
Mamiruton: Eeeeeh?
Ai: That's why even if personally I wanted to get...
Ai: Well, Elizabeth-chan... although I want to obtain her
Ai: I feel that shiny characters hate me so I have no confidence that I can do it, but...
Ai: Regardless, I'll win!
*laughs*
NoriP: Good, let's start, who will be first?
Ai: Me! Me! Me! Me!
Ai: Me!
Ai: Me! Professor!
NoriP: Good
Ai: Me!
NoriP: Good, Mamiruton-san...
Ai: Eh?
*laughs*
NoriP: I'm joking, I'm joking..
NoriP: You start, Ai-chan
Ai: Ah, good, good..
Ai: Good, here I go!
Ai: Appear!
Ai: Mamiruton-san, do you do something before the summonings to attract luck?
Mamiruton: I make the summonings during the night...
Mamiruton: Although I say that now, I can't do it..
Ai: I'll cast a charm
Ai: Little by little, you are appearing...
Ai: Elizabeth-chan is appearing a bit!
Ai: Appearing! Appearing! Appearing!
Mamiruton: Eh? But it's rainbow colored, in that case...
Ai: Yes!
Ai: Ah!
Mamiruton: Oh! It's rainbow colored!
NoriP: Oh!
Mamiruton: Eh?
Ai: Mmm?
Mamiruton: This is...
Ai: Aaaah!
Mamiruton: Aaaah!
Ai: Ah, I wanted one more!
Mamiruton: Will one more appear? Ah, no...
Ai: Aaaaaah! Incredible!
NoriP: Ooooohh!
Mamiruton: Aaaah!
Mamiruton: You got a character of divine rank!
Ai: Woow!
NoriP: Incredible
Ai: Incredible! I already won!
Mamiruton: Incredible!
Ai: Eh?
Ai: Incredible!
Ai: I'm really happy!
Mamiruton: It's the only...
NoriP: She's shiny...
Ai: My wish was fulfilled! I managed to get a shiny one!
Ai: Wow!
Mamiruton: You obtained Elizabeth-chan just as you announced it!
Ai: It was incredible, right?
Mamiruton: It was incredible
NoriP: She's of divine rank, right?
Ai: De, deen!
Ai: Aaaaah!
Ai: She's adorable, she's wearing a wedding dress!
Mamiruton: It's incredible
Mamiruton: She's adorable
Ai: Now that it's June, that's why she's wearing the wedding dress, right?
Ai: "The oath of the bride" Will it be an oath with me?
*Reading the skill name*
*laughs*
Ai: Why do you laugh like that?
Ai: Oh, she's strong against demons!
Ai: And against marine enemies..
Mamiruton: Eh? She's very strong, she can defeat two different types easily
Mamiruton: She's great! How great!
Mamiruton: How envious!
NoriP: She's great, how envious!
Ai: It's great, right?
Ai: Man, I already...
Ai: Won, right?
Ai: I have the habit of...
Ai: Can I listen to her voice when she takes a hit?
"Ah!"
Ai: Ah, she's adorable!
"Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!"
Ai: Good!
Mamiruton: You hear it many times!
Ai: That's right
Ai: Good, go ahead!
NoriP: Good, Mamiruton-chan, it's your turn
Mamiruton: Good, now I'll follow..
Mamiruton: I also want to get Elizabeth-chan just like Ai-chan did!
Ai: Try it if you can...
Ah! *laughs*
Mamiruton: You're very provoking!
Mamiruton: Here I go!
Rainbow!
Mamiruton: Shine with the color of the rainbow!
Mamiruton: Let's go!
Mamiruton: Ah, it can't be! It's golden! It can't be!
Mamiruton: But...
Mamiruton: I still have hope..
Mamiruton: Appear... Ah, she didn't appear! It can't be!
Mamiruton: This is...
Aaah!
NoriP: She succeeded
Mamiruton: She won
Mamiruton: She won!
NoriP: Man, what do you think Ai-chan?
Ai: Well, you know...
Ai: I already won
Mamiruton: It was fun
NoriP: It was fun!
Ai: Yes, it was fun!
Ai: It's the first time someone comes and competes with me in this way..
Mamiruton: Ah, really?
NoriP: Ah, it's true
Ai: I had a lot of fun!
Ai: Besides, it's the first time a woman comes here
Mamiruton: Oh man! I'm the first?
Ai: You're the first!
Mamilton: I'm your first!
NoriP: Well, now it's time to announce the winner?
Mamiruton: I don't want to hear it!
NoriP: Weell, the winner is...!
NoriP: Ai-chan!
Yaaay!
Ai: I didn't expect anything else, if I had lost I would say it was fixed
NoriP: You've definitely done a good job of 3D drawing with the Tilt Brush
Ai: It's true ... well, well, well, leaving aside that my first drawing was garbage...
Ai: You said I'd get something great if I won, right?
NoriP: It's true
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: Well, I'll prepare something ... I'll think of something
Ai: I'll wait anxiously!
NoriP: In this case, we should decide the punishment for the loser...
Ai: It's true!
Mamiruton: I'm waiting for the punishment!
NoriP: Well, since Ai-chan won...
Mamiruton: Yes!
NoriP: The punishment will be...
Mamiruton: Aaaah, I'm scared!
Mamiruton: What will it be?
Ai: Ho, ho, ho... *evil laugh*
NoriP: In this occasion...
Ai: Yes
Mamiruton: Yes
NoriP: Well...
NoriP: "Unions" exist in Cryptract
Ai: Yes!
Mamiruton: Yes!
NoriP: Mamiruton-san needs to join Ai-chan's Union
Ai: Ooooh! Oh! I'll be very powerful!
Ai: Woow! Eh?
Ai: You'll enter my Union?
Mamiruton: Eh? On the contrary, it'll be an honor for me
Ai: Ah, wow!
Mamiruton: Well... you know... you're like...
Mamiruton: My master!
Ai: Wow, suddenly, I changed from disciple to master
*laughs*
Mamiruton: You're not my master?
Ai: I managed to surpass her!
Ai: I managed to surpass her
Mamiruton: Master! I count on you!
Ai: Good, good
Ai: Don't worry
Ai: Well, I'm glad you'll join my Union, but...
Ai: You know, in order to enter my Union ... you must prove a talent..
Mamiruton: A talent?
Ai: That is to say that being of lower rank, if you don't make an imitation or something particular, you'll not be able to enter...
Ai: So then Mamiruton-kun... well, I can't let you in just like that so...
Mamiruton: I should say a joke or an imitation..
Ai: That's right, can you do it?
Mamiruton: It's like a kind of test to get in, right?
Ai: That's right
Mamiruton: Good, here I go
Mamiruton: I'm Anpanman!
*laughs*
NoriP: That's...
Ai: That was horrible..
*laughs*
*inhales*
Well..
Ai: Well, anyway, the intent is what counts... Ah, do you want to try again?
Mamiruton: Ah, one more time, one...
Ai: Oh! Oh! Oh!
Mamiruton: One more time
Mamiruton: I...
Mamiruton: .. want to eat pudding
*Makes an imitation of characters from the anime 'Ojarumaru'*
Mamiruton: Ojarumaru-sama...
Mamiruton: Didn't you just eat fresh pudding?
Mamiruton: Aha...
*laughs*
Ai: Oh! You did a great imitation of Denbo!
Ai: Didn't she seem a lot like Denbo?
NoriP: She looked like it, right?
Ai: She looked like it, right?
Ai: She seemed a lot like Denbo...
Mamiruton: I haven't done it in a long time...
Mamiruton: My throat dried up and I couldn't continue...
Ai: You're incredible!
Ai: No, definitely...
Mamiruton: Did I approve?
Ai: Ah, well, Anpanman was something...
*laughs*
Ai: Anpanman and Ojarumaru were absurd, but...
Ai: But Denbo was...
Mamiruton: Denbo was... Denbo was good..
Mamiruton: Thank you very much
NoriP: Denbo passed the test
Ai: Denbo passed the test
Ai: Good, I count on you from now on!
Mamiruton: I count on you!
Mamiruton: Good, you did a good job
Ai: You did a good job
*THUD*
Ai: This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna-
Ai: Eh? What short arms...
Ai: Ah! Eh? Eh?
Ai: I'm over here!
Ai: Eh?
Mamiruton: Eh? Ah!
Mamiruton: Ah!
Mamiruton: I turned into Ai-chan!
Ai: Maybe...
Ai: We both...
Mamiruton: We both..
Ai: Switched bodies?!
Mamiruton: Switched bodies?!
Mamiruton: In that case, I need to end the video...
Ai: Eh? No...
*laughs*
Mamiruton: Now I can stay with your channel, right?
Ai: No, no!
Mamiruton: It's incredible, it feels great!
Mamiruton: Could you make the final announcement of the video with this body?
Ai: Eh? Go ahead...
*laughs*
Mamiruton: For today...
Mamiruton: In this occasion...
Mamiruton: Ai-chan also went to visit me on my channel!
Woow!
Mamiruton: Please...
Mamiruton: Well...
Mamiruton: Watch the video on my channel where Ai-chan came to play with me with this body...
Watch it, please!
Mamiruton: In this case! Can I close the video?
Ai: No, this is my...!
Mamiruton: Since I'm using your body...
Ai: This is my program!
Ai: This is like that other time!
Ai: After all...
Ai: I forgave you because you had this body!
Ai, NoriP, and Mamiruton: This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
Ai, NoriP, and Mamiruton: See you later!
Ai: Maybe are we all Kizuna Ai?
*laughs*
Ai, NoriP, and Mamilton: Bye bye~!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Vortex and Myi
Ai: Can I send you my friend request?
Mamiruton: Of course! Let's do it!
Ai: Ah, ah!
Mamiruton: I accepted your request!
Ai: Ah, thank you very much!
Mamiruton: It's a pleasure
Ai: The pleasure is mine, wow! Wow!
Mamiruton: Master!
Ai: Master..
Mamiruton: Master..
Ai: Eh? Can I return to normal?